how can we get insight into the reasoning of the model?
what is the chain of thought of the model?
what sequence of statements does the model generate to reach an answer?
what is system 1 thinking?
what is system 2 thinking?

what happens if we reorder the items in teh question?
how can we reword the question?
is prompt engineering refactoring?
how can we add additional context?


original prompt
Which one of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument?

reword
Identify each choice as strengthens, weakens or doesn't impact the argument.

How to disable computation
Give the expression as answer, not a number

How to solve discussion questions
Respond to the following:
DISCUSSION_QUESTION

what is the format?
what is the content?
how can I remove ambiguity from this request?

Write a highly detailed essay with introduction, body, and conclusion paragraphs responding to the following:
DISCUSSION_QUESTION

ineffective prompt
The Civil War a conflict over expansion? Agree or Disagree and why?

better defined prompt
Explain the causes of the Civil War and whether expansion played a role in the conflict.
Include evidence to support your argument

add formatting and context directions
Write a highly detailed discussion response,
in the structure of an essay,
responding to the following prompt:

Explain the causes of the Civil War and whether expansion played a role in the conflict.
Include evidence to support your argument

How can I automate well defined prompt rewriting?
How can I automatically refactor prompts?
I am trying to get good results from GPT-3 on the following prompt: "PROMPT".
Could you write a better prompt that is more optimal for GPT-3 and would produce better results?

How can I refine the results?
Generate a few

Iteration
"Is math invented or discovered? Use careful reasoning to explain your answer"

Write a beginning paragraph responding to the following:
Is math invented or discovered? Use careful reasoning to explain your answer

I am writing a detailed short essay responding to the following prompyt:
Is math invented or discovered? Use careful reasoning to explain your answer.
Here is what I have so far:
SELECTED OUTPUT FROM PREVIOUS PROMPT
Write the next paragraph of my essay

How can I use expansion prompts?