- emails
- blogs
- studying
- coding
- simulation
  - game
  - API
  - server
  - CLI
- finding emojis
- contracts
- classifier


how can I write emails?
how can I summarize emails?
how can I create contracts?
how can I organize data into tables?

generate a table containing this information
what is the right metric to measure for?

- how to write sick day email
My Name: name
Boss's name: boss

Write an email to my boss saying that I will be out of office today since I am sick.

add style modifier/instructions
My Name: name
Boss's name: boss

Write a humorous yet professional email to my boss saying that I will be out of office today since I am sick.
Be concise and funny. Include a funny reason:

Write a ***serious***, professional email to my boss saying that I will be out of office today since I am sick.
Be concise:

- how to respond to an email
Generate a summary of this and a list of action items

- how to generate cold emails
Company name: company_name
My name: name
Write a cold outreach email to this founder, named Pranav, pitching him our product, which is a neo-CRM. Make the email formal, yet approachable.

- Blogs
How can I write blogs with AI?

Write an outline for a short blog post about why Christmas Cacti are a great buy.

here are many products which attempt to do this, but you can often get consistent results doing it yourself.

That's a great outline, but a bit long. Condense it to the main points:

Write a short blog post using this outline about why Christmas Cacti are a great buy.

Perfect! Add a paragraph at the end about our company and pricing on Christmas Cacti.
Company: Prickly Point Nursery
Price for a Christmas Cacti: $10-$25

- study buddy
how can I get quizzed on concepts?
how can I understand terms?

Generate 5 calculus I quiz questions for me:

NOTES - aka context
Generate 4 marketing quiz questions for me based on my notes:

- coding
how can I debug with AI?
how can I generate code with AI?
how can I reformat code with AI?
how can I add code comments with AI?
how can I optimize code?
how can I translate between programming languages?
how can I evaluate multiple files?
how can I refactor my codebase?
how can I simulate a Database Server?
how can I simulate a Web Server?
how can I simulate a CLI?
how can I use ChatGPT as a virtual machine?